feat: patterns in `captures` (#100)
mkovaxx/anodized: crates/anodized/README.md

    ],
)]
fn add_item<T: Clone + Eq>(items: &mut Vec<T>, item: T) { todo!() }

// A capture may have a pattern to destructure tuples, structs, arrays, and other composite types:
#[spec(
    captures: triple as (first, second, third),
    ensures: [
        first == triple.0,
        second == triple.1,
        third == triple.2,
    ],
)]
fn match_tuple(triple: (bool, char, i32)) { todo!() }
```

- **Simple identifiers** get an automatic `old_` prefix, i.e. `x` becomes `old_x`.
- **Complex expressions** require an explicit alias using `as`, i.e. `self.items.len() as orig_len`.

> **Patterns** may be used to destructure the captured value, e.g. `self.items.clone() as [a, b, c]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Patterns** may be used to destructure the captured value, e.g. `person.clone() as Person { name, age }`.
```

This is a better example because `[a, b, c]` is a refutable pattern for variable-length sequences like `Vec<T>` or `[T]`, but the pattern here must be irrefutable.
